Move Single Asset Vault docs from opensource (#3261)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/references/http-websocket-apis/public-api-methods/vault-methods/vault_info.md

---
seo:
    description: Retrieve information about a specific vault in the XRP Ledger.
labels:
  - Single Asset Vault
---

# vault_info

> [[Source]](https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/blob/develop/src/xrpld/rpc/handlers/VaultInfo.cpp "Source")<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[Source]](https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/blob/develop/src/xrpld/rpc/handlers/VaultInfo.cpp "Source")
```

---
seo:
    description: Retrieve information about a vault, its owner, available assets, and details on issued shares.
labels:
  - Single Asset Vault

> ---

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
status: not_enabled
---
```
This is a tentative suggestion if the API method is gated behind the singleassetvault amendment. I don't think it is though, in which case you can ignore this sugguestion.

Author: Not gated behind the amendment from what I can see:
https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/blob/3.1.0/src/xrpld/rpc/handlers/VaultInfo.cpp

# vault_info

[[Source]](https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/blob/master/src/xrpld/rpc/handlers/VaultInfo.cpp "Source")

> The `vault_info` command retrieves information about a vault, its owner, available assets, and details on issued shares. All information retrieved is relative to a particular version of the ledger. {% badge href="https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/releases/tag/3.3.0" %}New in: rippled 3.3.0{% /badge %}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `vault_info` command retrieves information about a vault, its owner, available assets, and details on issued shares. All information retrieved is relative to a particular version of the ledger. {% badge href="https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/releases/tag/3.1.0" %}New in: rippled 3.1.0{% /badge %}
```
Do we need this badge if we have the amendment tracker below? If API methods are locked behind associated amendment, then the tracker is probably enough. However I tested out this API call and it returned an "error_message": "vault object not found.".

So it looks like the API method is enabled on mainnet already, in which case we should use only the 3.1 badge.

Author: I think we can probably get rid of the amendment disclaimer for the API call. I'll remove it.

{% amendment-disclaimer name="SingleAssetVault" /%}

## Request Format

An example of the request format:

{% tabs %}

{% tab label="WebSocket" %}
```json
{
  "command": "vault_info",
  "vault_id": "45E6742527EDE6A2B537AE8A77B8D8CCFEFE115A22B3BF664A39407631F9A166"
}
```
{% /tab %}

{% tab label="JSON-RPC" %}
```json
{
  "method": "vault_info",
  "params": [
    {
      "vault_id": "45E6742527EDE6A2B537AE8A77B8D8CCFEFE115A22B3BF664A39407631F9A166"
    }
  ]
}
```
{% /tab %}

{% tab label="Commandline" %}
```sh
#Syntax: vault_info [<vault_id>]
rippled vault_info 45E6742527EDE6A2B537AE8A77B8D8CCFEFE115A22B3BF664A39407631F9A166
```
{% /tab %}

{% /tabs %}

<!-- TODO: Add this when available on Devnet -->

> <!-- {% try-it method="vault_info" /%} -->

Reviewer 2: Don't forget to add the try-it button to an example on devnet.

The request includes the following parameters:

| `Field`    | Type   | Description                                |
| :--------- | :----- | :----------------------------------------- |
| `vault_id` | String | The object ID of the Vault to be returned. |
| `owner`    | String | The account address of the Vault Owner.    |

> | `seq`      | Number | The transaction sequence number that created the vault. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Field      | Type                 | Required? | Description                                             |
| :--------- | :------------------- | :-------- | :------------------------------------------------------ |
| `vault_id` | String               | No        | The [ledger entry ID][] of the `Vault` to be returned.  |
| `owner`    | String - [Address][] | No        | The account address of the `Vault` owner.               |
| `seq`      | Number               | No        | The transaction sequence number that created the vault. |
```
I think we want our tables to include the `Required?` column?

        "Issuer": "rwCNM7SeUHTajEBQDiNqxDG8p1Mreizw85",
        "LedgerEntryType": "MPTokenIssuance",
        "MPTokenMetadata": "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",
        "OutstandingAmount": "0",
        "OwnerNode": "0",
        "PreviousTxnID": "39CBBE3629AD9ADF9BA5CBAC5BF18665E785D0B199D2B2773A8A1EAA6CBC622B",
        "PreviousTxnLgrSeq": 219033,
        "Sequence": 1,
        "index": "10D193CFF4619D2C7D552746A8C9F76AD6335E6D4452712CB39F8C7F096AE474",
        "mpt_issuance_id": "0000000169F415C9F1AB6796AB9224CE635818AFD74F8175"
      }
    }
  },
  "status": "success"
}
```
{% /tab %}

{% /tabs %}

> The response follows the [standard format][], with a successful result containing following fields:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The response follows the [standard format][], with a successful result containing the following fields:
```

> | `Field`                | Type             | Description |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|  Field                 | Type             | Description |
```

| :--------------------- | :--------------- | :---------- |

> | `ledger_hash`          | [Hash][]         | _(Omitted if `ledger_current_index` is provided instead)_ The identifying hash of the ledger version that was used when retrieving this data. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `ledger_hash`          | [Hash][]         | _(Omitted if either `ledger_current_index` or `ledger_index` is provided instead)_ The identifying hash of the ledger version that was used when retrieving this data. |
```
I think hash is omitted if either ledger parameters are provided?

| `ledger_current_index` | [Ledger Index][] | _(Omitted if `ledger_index` is provided instead)_ The [ledger index][] of the current in-progress ledger, which was used when retrieving this information. |
| `ledger_index`         | [Ledger Index][] | _(Omitted if `ledger_current_index` is provided instead)_ The [ledger index][] of the ledger version used when retrieving this information. |
| `validated`            | Boolean          | True if this data is from a validated ledger version; if omitted or set to false, this data is not final. |
| `vault`                | Object           | The [**Vault Description Object**](#vault-description-object) that represents the current status of the vault. |

### Vault Description Object

> The `vault` field is an object describing the current status of a Vault entry in the ledger, and contains the following fields:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `vault` field is an object describing the current status of a `Vault` entry in the ledger, and contains the following fields:
```

### Asset Object

The `asset` object contains the following nested fields:

| `Field`                | Type                 | Description |
| :--------------------- | :------------------- | :---------- |
| `currency`             | String               | _(Omitted if the asset is an MPT)_ The currency code of the asset stored in the vault. |
| `issuer`               | String - [Address][] | _(Omitted if the asset is XRP or an MPT)_ The address of the asset issuer. |
| `mpt_issuance_id`      | String               | _(Omitted if the asset is XRP or a trust line token)_ The identifier of the asset's `MPTokenIssuance` object. |

### Shares Object

The `shares` object contains the following nested fields:

| `Field`                | Type             | Description |
| :--------------------- | :--------------- | :---------- |
| `DomainID`             | String           | _(Omitted if the vault is public)_ The permissioned domain associated with the vault's shares. |
| `Flags`                | Number           | Set of bit-flags for this ledger object. |
| `Issuer`               | String           | The address issuing the shares. This is always the vault's pseudo-account. |

> | `LedgerEntryType`      | String           | The ledger object type (i.e., `MPTokenIssuance`). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `LedgerEntryType`      | String           | The ledger object type. Shares objects are always `MPTokenIssuance`. |
```
Aren't all vault shares MPTs?

Author: i.e. would suggest the same thing, but happy to update to make it clearer.

Reviewer 2: Ignore my suggestion, I misread this
